This is just a script - Erty will turn it in to code when there is enough content here. p.s. like 90% of the comments that aren't by Cthulhu worshippers are real. From Youtube. Yes, really.

Feel free to edit what's already here if you come up with a good joke!

Editors:
 * Erty
 * Jack
 * Daniel

----

Narrator (N): Ah, welcome welcome. I see you're new here.
N: We'll be walking you through your new job today.

N: As a community manager, it's your job to find the truly crazy comments among the ones that just look crazy!

N: Ha ha, people are sometimes so strange.

N: Why don't you try. Here's a random sampling of comments from a YouToob video. Just go ahead and select the comment by a worshipper of The Dark One.

1) asdfxjck : what the fuck is the eighties, some kind of cheese candie ? ? ? ?
2) JOHNJONH : iphone is a garbage phone, its signel so weak,it drops lots of my calls,so i throw in lake,i hate appleproducts
3) asianchkkkk : You have a secret crush! Paste this message into 8 other comment sections to learn who loves you!
*4) Cthulhu Worshipper : Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!

----

N: Very good!

N: I'm quite impressed. Nearly 80% of candidates for this position fail that question.

N: It's a little more difficult sometimes when the Acolyte of the Unholy Terror speaks in code. Try again:

1) nontheistis : why isnt the sun the most dangerous place on earth
2) McGeeGeeGee : this music makes me want to kick my cat
*3) TheDarkOneComes : Can This Help U Life Underwater?
4) gollumcorner : Hahahaha holy shit this is SO funny. She said they were moving too fast and they were literally moving fast!!! and then he said he wished he saw the signs and then he got HIT BY SIGNS lol. And then they DIED!!!

----

N: Excellent!

N: You could probably tell by the username, or the fact that the comment was an acrostic for "Cthulhu".

N: It looks like you're going to be a natural at this job. Why don't you go ahead and get started on the queue. I'll be here to check in on your progress.

----

(Some random filler puzzles)

1) Hamfistapple : The reason Nye lost the debate so bad was that he was relying on information from gay atheist researchers, while Ham got his information from the infallible unchanging word of God! Atheist research journals are really gay porn magazines, which is why these disgusting magazines are only found in the states of California, New York City, and France.
2) SmithRayom8889920 : Actually, recorded at the white house, November 6th, 2012. “Ha ha ha ha! They voted me back in for another 4 years!”
3) gumking: you know its actually really bad at tablets
*4) cth_l_ : he waits dreaming in his house, under the black waters

N: Ah, that one was easy. This next one requires a bit more arcane knowledge, though. Good luck!

1) swaghitler420 : i give you a thumbs up for your commit and it was not counted. Jew cotnrol too much media, i cant even like someone free speech
*2) ghatanothoa : oh my god i watched this and it turned me into a mummy
3) WashingtonBackpacker : ok there was a wild fox that went around eating out peoples eyeballs. it even ate my grandmas. so we tied up a 5 year old as a trap, and as it was getting eaten , i threw a knife atit and killed it and made it into a pelt
4) ruby12093812 : Ummm I thought this was funny anyways I did laugh <<<<<;;;;...;)

N: That's right! Ghatanothoa is the firstborn of Cthulhu, and gazing upon his amorphous form petrifies you, turning your skin thick like leather.

N: Ha ha ha isn't that weird.

1) 1998tomisme888 : they are animel they don know what we talk thats why the whale kill its trainer
2) WUT208 : hemp oil also cures cancer
3) KnowlegeSaidGod : anyone who would trust the medical industry in this country which has not cured shit since polio is clearly miss guided and ignorant
*4) mother~~hydra : wtf is with this GOO like seriously message me boys and i will show you

N: Hmm, good catch!

N: GOO probably stands for Great Old Ones. And Mother Hydra is kin of Cthulhu, overgrown after thousands of years of ruling from her watery lair. Here you can see an attempt to recruit young men into her black cult.

1) sweetmarie322 : i luv thesong butim like wtf with the vid?
*2) shubniggurath : hahaha awhat a black goat ? they must have a thousand babies
3) everlastinggoldsin : ... hi there ... in ma opinion ... GOLD is supposingly and historically the shiniest metal ever ... either in terms of what its worth ... or its historical presence as the shinies durin all Eras ... with all respectt its ma humble opinion ... ds
4) buysme000 : cap and trade oculdntpas so obama will pass it with the e.p.a. hows that for a dmeocracy

N: You got it! Excellent! Shub-Niggurath is often known as The Black Goat of the Woods with a Thousand Young, whom the men of the jungle have long since deserted, who is now unworshipped and alone.

N: Great catch there, but the next one is really tricky.

*1) edwardpretorius : haha i love WOW especially i love azathoth
2) hempoil616 : yay u maded fun of  fred
3) 333timetravler333 : hav u gotten out of high skool yet? if so r u workin or studyin? did u go 2 law skool or r u an architect? did u mov from the states or ru still livin in that dump? did u fix ur grammar issue? lol
4) christ416416 : As Satan takes control of all governments. The Anti-Christ rides the ten headed Hydra like in the movie The Omen II the EU and NAU are just two of the heads. Next WWIII then the Great Tribulation. Isn't that how the prophecy goes?

(No seriously that last one is real)

N: Great! You're a natural. I'm glad your sharp eye noticed that Edward Pretorius is a Lovecraftian character, and while "Azeroth" is the name of the land in World of Warcraft, Azathoth is the boundless daemon sultan, whose name no lips dare speak aloud, and who gnaws hungrily in inconceivable, unlighted chambers beyond time and space amidst the muffled, maddening beating of vile drums and the thin monotonous whine of accursed flutes. (This one is a direct quote I might change it up so that there's no copyright)

N: Oh, sorry. Moving on.

----

(Now it gets interesting)

1) reeferee : SMOKE WEED 410 ERRY DAY
2) Johansen : You should know that The Narrator is using this tool to recruit members for his cult. You should stop while you still can!
3) el_diablo : obama is ruining america he makes the taxes IMPEACH OBAMA KICK HIM OUT
*4)

----

N: Ha ha ha, how did that get in there. Usually we have filters for that kind of thing. Why don't you go ahead and report that kind of content when you come across it, okay?

("report" button appears)

*1) oh_ryleh : I only believe in really old gods
2) TurtleSkate69 : I showed this to my dad ... now he's my mom
3) gorthoki : FIRST YOLO SWAG
4) Johansen : Stop now! He's only becoming more and more powerful! Walk away!

(If they report the 4th comment)
N: Ah, this crap still shows up from time to time. Thanks for reporting it.
(Otherwise)
N: Hmm, there was more of that crap about our good work here, keeping those pesky Cthulhu worshippers out of otherwise fine YouToob comments. Just make sure to report them when it happens.

----

1) Johansen :
*2) Dagon371: the ancient ones always had better, why you think still name the animal in latin???
3) fkljeio8988 : The Goverment says no smoking in public we respect the reason n stop Goverment says no smoking in cars w young 1s in it so we stop Goverment says pay 4 the debt they made so we pay Goverment says buy bag tags 4 our garbage so we pay facebook is a non profit organization where we can chat w friends n b$&#h about life n escape from the prblms the Goverment gives us keep facebook free @ least I'll have 1 thing 2 b proud of we r a free Country after all unless the Goverment wants 2 screw that up 2
4) hanahah1977 : he is not in the balon he never vear﻿ in the balon he whas foun in a boks in heas ha

1) mindisall : Be careful of Hindus. They are animies of ISlam and PAkistan. If u r a Muslime than shame on u .
2) galgat : at﻿ first i thught yoy were sitting with yur knees in front of u but it seems it's just thine boobs
3) Johansen : Seriously, stop! Stop! STOP! THE NARRATOR IS ONE OF THEM. THE NARRATOR IS ONE OF THEM.
*4)

----

(the screen is slowly turning darker and starting to wobble around a la amnesia)
(In the following, every answer is acceptable. The narrator gives the *next line* of text as an explanation)

1*) theirinmybrain : one off uss
That's right! Three words with three letters! They represent the three elder gods worshipped by the Deep Ones: Cthulhu, Mother Hydra, and Father Dragon.
2*) GhostHog28 : That is one ugly poodle...
That's right! GhostHog is an anagram of Shoggoth. Be wary of shoggoths - they are among the more dangerous of posters. [also, Old Man Henderson reference]
3*) OldYeller563 : LOL and then it was all BOOM!!! Like this 4 HOCKY!!!
Oh, yes. OldYeller is probably a reference to Hastur, The Feaster from Afar, a yellow, shriveled, flying monstrosity with tentacles tipped with razor-sharp talons that can pierce a victim's skull and siphon out the brain
4*) Johansen : Look, I'm one of this game's programmers. The game was supposed to be a joke - this isn't even in the script.
Hmm... yes, I can see how you would think that. This Johansen fellow is clearly paranoid. I'm not sure how this even got in there... I certainly don't remember putting it in...

(letters begin switching themselves around)
N: You're doing good work, finding the cultists. It is imperative that you continue.

1*) Johansen : Listen to me, the script keeps changing itself. If you don't believe me, check the actual script - it's in the game folder.
2*) Johansen : All the other game writers disappeared shortly after we published. As did all the beta testers. Look, you're the only one left.
3*) Johansen : I'm not sure what happened, but it seems like the game became... self-aware at some point in development. I'm not sure how, exactly.
4*) Johansen : All I know is this: You're too far in, now. You can't go back, you can't leave; it will find you. It will hunt you down. If you want to live, you have to win.
(regardless of which is selected)

N: This... Johansen's comments seem to be very... paranoid. Don't worry, I'll deal with him shortly. Oh, by the way, we run into people like that from time to time. Best advice is just to ignore them. Don't let it get to you, you know?
N: Anyway, I cannot overstate the importance of our work. It is absolutely critical that you continue.

(entire words fade in and out. blood begins to drop from the top of the screen)

1*)
2*)
3*)
4*)

(the screen wobbles strongly. Each of the answers is in larger font than the last.)

1*) Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!
2*) Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!
3*) Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!
4*) Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!

(game over. The letters all break and fall down. The screen turns black. Cthulhu's face emerges from the darkness, shattering the user's screen in a cacophany of sound.)

Possibly overly obtuse Cthulhu thing:
